hi I'm Jim for mercedes-benz I'm going
to show you how to use the command
controls in your s-class the command
controls work in conjunction with the
large screen in the center of the - the
controls fall naturally to your hand and
let you easily operate the audio system
navigation your Bluetooth connected
phone and many comfort features the main
knob is the central controller you can
rotate it slide it forward back and side
to side and push it down to select a
function like clicking a computer mouse
the on-screen menus are illustrated to
make it clear how to move the controls
as you drive without looking at them
arranged in a semi-circle around the
controller these six silver buttons give
you direct access to the functions
you'll use most often seating features
navigation radio including am/fm and
satellite as you can see each time you
press the button it scrolls through the
various options the next button is media
like the DVD player music register
memory card reader and any music device
you connect via the USB ports or via
wireless Bluetooth audio streaming then
there's the phone menu which also
includes access to the internet apps of
mercedes-benz embrace and finally you
can adjust the car's comfort and
convenience features like the ambient
lighting or locking modes there's also a
back button with an arrow a main power
on button plus a thumb wheel to adjust
the volume if you push the volume knob
down it mutes the audio or unmutes it
when you push it again during navigation
announcements the knob will adjust or
mute their volume and during a
hands-free phone call it will adjust the
speaker volume you can also use the plus
minus and mute buttons on the right
spoke of the steering wheel for the same
functions underneath the hand rest
there's a numeric keypad you can use
these keys to dial phone numbers as
radio presets and to program up to
twelve of your favorite functions for
OneTouch access the buttons are touch
sensitive previewing their function on
the screen as you lightly touch them so
you know what they do before you press
to select all of these features are
described in their own videos on the
screen the main functions are divided
into horizontal menus along the top and
bottom of the screen the top menu lists
the functions much like the buttons the
lower menu shows your choices within
each function to jump to these menus
slide the controller up or down then
rotate and click to select a function
you'll notice that the clicks of the
controller changed to match the number
of menu options on the screen you can
also reach the top menu directly just by
pushing any of the six silver buttons
there's also an additional menu at the
bottom for climate control functions to
scroll through these main menus rotate
the knob to highlight each menu name to
select the highlighted item press the
knob a submenu will appear usually in a
carousel format that matches how you
rotate the knob select the highlighted
item by pressing the knob again to exit
the current menu and return to the
previous screen press the back button
pressing and holding the back button
brings you directly to the main screen
for the current mode for example the
main audio screen or you can press the
silver button for that function please
see your operators manual or the
on-screen digital operators manual in
your comand system for more information
if you have further questions your
mercedes-benz dealer will be happy to
help thanks for watching
you